# Azure Digital Marketing Pixel Tracker Starter Guide

We released a new starter guide for Azure detailing how you can deploy and configure a custom pixel tracker solution. The guide includes manual steps for deploying the solution using the Azure Portal, as well as a detailed guide on configurating a continous developlment enviromenet using Visual Studio Team Services. 

[The solution can be found on GitHub](https://github.com/Azure/azure-pixel-tracker). 

A marketer may want to be able to track their customers activities across a large medium of experiences. First, they would want to be able to understand customers activates on their company's main website. They would want to gather data to learn what pages customers were viewing, but more importantly what ads were customers being shown. And then where those ads successful, were their customer's clicking on them? This would be important to track and understand as they begin deploying machine learning models trained on this data and to understand the financial benefit. Then other parts of the business could be beginning sending data, such as if a customer answered a phone call, or clicked on an ad in an email. Examing all of this data in one location can help make deeper connections. The interface for sending data would have to simple, and be able to plug into many legacy systems written in a variety of languages. Some data feeds would be sent from internal sources, while others would originate from customer’s computers or browsers. These requirements lead to designing a pixel tracker that would be deployed on Azure. Azure enables such a system to quickly scale up as more business units plug into the services with a complete breakdown of cost. These are advantages over a typical on-prem based solution that a company would have had to build themselves to implement a custom solution previously. Companies do not have to try and keep up with their own hardware in case of increase customer base which would increase operating costs. 

So, what is a Tracking Pixel? 
A tracking pixel is a small unseen image embedded into web sites, emails or applications. It is essential a web request to a server running in Azure. The contents of the pixel are unimportant, instead the essential data is sent in query string arguments. A sample pixel call may look like…
```
https://pixeltracker.azurewebsites.net/pix?customerId=123&product=ac12&activity=purchase
```
The query string parameters are extracted from the request, and then advanced transformations can be performed. Some examples would be extracting information from the request from the user agent string, or using the IP address to perform a reverse lookup to estimated location. Design considerations ensure that additional custom transformations could be added quickly. Once transformed, the data is collected in Azure and persisted in a place that it can be queried and visualized by other services. 

This solution can be used to provide event collection for other Azure based solutions. Steps are included to add Artifical Intelligance system to provide personalied offers. The pages viewed are tracked and collected with this solution, while the data is analyzed using a product affinity model. Personalized offers are provided through an additional API. 
